[Laughter]
I am afraid I have purchased more things
from Teemu to brush my
kernels some corny
ASMR I don't even know where to begin
well my feet are cold good thing we have
some beer mug socks to keep them warm
man these look nothing like the
picture get a load of these I like the
handle for added grip I'm not going to
lie they're kind of cute I don't even
remember what this is kind of looks like
metall
leggings oh this is something you blow
up I remember what I purchased but I
don't think you guys realize what this
is but am I going to have to blow up
this entire
thing well that barely made a dent in
[Music]
this this is going to take a lot of
blowing I wasn't expecting it to be this
big that's what she said baby can you be
favor P this St a few moments
later after 3 minutes of blowing we've
now accumulated this much air all that
blowing has got me real tired for some
Italian red meat flavored
lays I still can't believe teimo sells
food and it's all been quite delicious
unfortunately including this Italian red
meat flavored
Lae doesn't really tastes like meat it
just tastes like a very good chip it's
Smoky and I'm hungry these are actually
delicious I work they be putting in
these they have way less ingredients
than the American chips
too W I have no idea what's in here oh
wait what is this it's
corn a corn shaped tissue box
ew why does that smell so bad it's like
you walk into a room when there's like
fresh paint that's what this smells like
it's like as soon as they painted it and
the second it dried they packaged it and
sent it to me with the paint smell oh
it's the spray paint on the sides that's
what it smells like spray paint this
thing reeks I know this thing is covered
in chemicals I don't know what kind of
tissue box like fits in here
but to wipe your tears a tissue box of
your corniest dreams it honestly looks
bad this part looks nice but the side
they just spray paint on the side I'm
not impressed but wait this is part of
my cosplay you guys have to bear with me
because I got some other corn
accessories including a corn shirt bro
this is like my favorite band I love
corn I'm such a big
fan but wait also to complete the look
is a hand knitted corn mask this thing
is huge this thing is probably the best
quality thing I've ever bought from
Teemu let me put the hair
away ew it's smells so
bad I don't want to have something from
Teo on my head
I think there's more this may or may not
be another corn
accessory oh wait what is this oh it's a
jumbo
toothbrush like one of those like back
brushes and then they just advertise it
as a giant toothbrush like that's so
stupid I can buy this at the dollar
store so brush my
kernels some corny
ASMR oh while I was doing this corn show
this has been inflated I feel like this
is the episode of I
Carly this sucks I wasn't even close it
was like Drake throwing the shoe at the
Drone what can I do with this I wish I
had somebody to hit I will take out all
my anger and frustration on the
countertop okay this is not as fun as I
thought it would be
I don't want to be a corn on the cob
anymore this is definitely a very high
quality mask 10 out of
10 okay do you guys know what this is
because I've reacted to this before and
then I actually bought
one this looks like some kind of torture
device yes where are her
arms unbox a mannequin this comes with a
lot of moving Parts free it's not what
it looks like y'all are going to make me
assemble this
I got that dual wiel the
Kimbo okay it's not what it looks like I
promise all I know is that your butt
cheek goes here and then we have to
figure out the rest if you still don't
know what this is It's like a portable
sitting device where you could sit
[Music]
anywhere very cool I know basically but
cheek goes here and then you sit I may
need directions for this you clip these
two pieces together if you got big
cheeks you can make it extra wide if not
you can push it in closer for them
little cheeks I guess this goes around
your waist it's like a 10-step ordeal
there's so many steps to this when I'm
done I will basically be a cyborg with
all these
attachments this thing is so confusing
to put on you got to trust the process
once it's on it's going to make your
life so much easier I've been doing
cosplays my whole life to prepare me for
all these
straps the leg straps connected to the
butt strap okay now we're talking you
wear it like underwear oh I have to clip
it onto my feet too this sucks this
might be the worst
part okay get out of here my feet are
strapped in basically I'm like a cyborg
I think I think we have it in we can
walk around with it and then when we
want to sit we can
just wait it's working it's doing the
thing wow portable chair
anywhere ow oh man I sure am tired I
could go for a
seat it's working wow not very
supportive what we got to eat now I can
really sit and stare at my
fridge this is great as long as you
don't mind wearing this and walking in
public I think this is a great
invention can I kick back my feet will I
fall over I don't have very much
mobility of my feet I can't even take my
feet off the ground ignore all the
things I threw on the ground but do you
see how easy this
is I don't know if you can see my head
but this gets a thumbs up it is a little
rough on the ankles but this is actually
pretty great I'm not going to lie but
there is a very good possibility that
you could just lean back a little too
much
and
ow oh I've fallen and I can't get up
I've fallen and I can't get up this
floor is way too hard to fall on how do
I no bro like I'm really stuck how do I
get up I feel like roll over like a
bug okay okay and we're
up and now we're sat okay this is pretty
great now get it off
me it looks like a banana right I can
assure you it's not a banana it's
definitely not edible this is supposed
to be like a dog bed or a cat bed like
they had an animal in here I don't know
if this is big enough to fit an animal
unless it's very small probably put your
hamster in here oh it even has like a
Velcro so you can like peel the banana
and put a small pet in it or if you
don't have a pet a Stanley Cup will also
fit it's like a very obnoxious drink
holder okay let's see if the puppy will
fit Ash I got you a new bed do you like
it I hope you like it I thought Ash was
small until I tried to put her in the
banana bed this is a very small dog this
is a six pounder right here she's tiny
it's a banana you're for peeling and
you're for eating I mean she kind of
fits in it but definitely not in a way
that she can sleep like a bed this is
definitely way smaller than advertised
don't talk to me and my banana ever
again she kind of likes it's like a
little Banana
Boat I think I will keep you in
here we interupt this programming to
season some chicken so I can throw it on
the barbecue while I open the rest of
these I just decided to film this video
in the middle of a meal prepping session
the chicken is on the grill what's
next toes toes toe long second toe would
not be complete without some teu Crocs
okay you're going to have to hear me out
for this one so basically you take these
little attachments and you stick them in
the cck holes you know where you're
supposed to put charms but here you put
to toes yeah these are fake Crocs we're
going to call them frocks if the frocks
don't freak you out enough then maybe
adding these toes will help perfect just
wait till I have these bad boys on these
are really hard to like shove in here
they even got like different nail polish
colors I appreciate the detail okay
there's an extra toe oh there's like two
extra toes should I just add more toes
maybe we'll have a very long pinky toe
out of the side ah yes those are some
grippers some dogs another little toe
okay
y it's complete oh wait I got to I got
to switch these out sorry my dogs didn't
fit man these things look like they can
Mark okay the beer mug socks come off
the frocks go on in sport mode hey I
feel like this would freak somebody out
from a distance it actually looks pretty
realistic wait I got to put this one in
sport mode then if you sport mode too
hard one of them might come
off what do y'all think cute huh it's
like Frank and donor toes no two toes
are alike man they don't even match more
socks this one looks like the perfect
pedicure oh this is perfect I'll wear
these right under the frogs so that when
I take off my
shoes I have perfectly pedicured Paws
from this to this like this video if you
want to see me wear these out in public
the chicken's done just finished
cooking G I got to stop putting things
from teu in my mouth it's actually a
realistic Fried Chicken keychain I
actually kind of like it I might
actually use this yeah I keep a drum
stick in my pocket at all times what
about it pull it out of your pocket
start munching on it excellent some more
food these are peelable gummies in
another video we tried these but it was
like a peelable fruit the peeling mango
the peeling banana but these have
animals you peel the candy to reveal a
penguin turtle or a dolphin a dolphin in
your fruit Snacks
oh they come in single served packets
one animal per gummy bag you're telling
me there's an animal in here I'm going
to peel it
open I want you guys to get a good look
at this what kind of animal is this blob
it's a turtle the yellow says Turtle it
looks like some snot I blew
out ew that makes me not want to eat it
pretty good mixed fruit soda
flavor the outside tastes way better
than the inside I will say the pink one
is supposed to be a penguin I hope it
actually looks like a
penguin get a good look at that does
that look like a penguin in what
universe is this a penguin it's
literally a
blob M Peach flavored blob how are y'all
just going to lie to American kids like
oh they don't know animals they won't
know the difference they'll just eat
them they're pretty good though but
seriously very misleading looks nothing
like an animal teu the one place you can
disappoint kids and adults but anyways
that's all for today I hope you guys
enjoyed this video if you did make sure
to hit that like button in the face and
subscribe Jo the wolf
pack I love you guys so much and I'm
going to go brush my teeth with a giant
brush goodbye